Update components.md (#29498)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/overview/components.md

When you deploy Kubernetes, you get a cluster.
{{< glossary_definition term_id="cluster" length="all" prepend="A Kubernetes cluster consists of">}}

> This document outlines the various components you need to have for

Reviewer: Hi @Devops-Ramdas .
I am not sure this addition is necessary.

This document outlines the various components needed for ...
This document outlines the various components required for a complete and working Kubernetes cluster.

Author: Hi @kbhawkey 

although the earlier and current versions look fine, I think this suggestion is more meaningful and technically correct.

```suggestion
This document outlines the various components required for a complete and working Kubernetes cluster.
```
